README.md, before:

# dingleberry

A discord bot for everyone! Completely open-source means you run it for yourself!

# Prerequisite

ffmpeg (for playing videos)
	
	npm i -g ffmpeg-binaries

[^Node.js 8.1.0](https://nodejs.org/)

[Discord API Access](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/intro)

[imgur API Access](https://apidocs.imgur.com/)

You will need a discord and an imgur api token in order for the bot to work properly, you can add them in the next step

# Installation

create a file 'auth.json' in the root directory and fill in with this code

```javascript
{
	'discord': 'DISCORD_API_TOKEN',
	'imgur': 'IMGUR_CLIENT_ID'
}
```

Then authorize your discord bot on your server if you haven't already

Download dependencies:

	npm i

Run the bot!

	npm start

And you're good to go!


# Commands

/meme [subreddit] - Gets a random image from imgur's viral posts, or one of the top images from any subreddit on imgur

/more - Repeats the last "/meme" command

/playme [url] - Plays a youtube video url in your currently joined voice channel

/stop - Stops playing music in said voice channel

/ping - ping the bot

/roll [F] - roll, where F is the maximum number

/roll [NdF] - roll, where N is the number of rolls and F is the maximum number

/roll examples:

	20 - 1 roll of 20

	5d20 - 5 rolls of 20

	3d6 - 3 rolls of 6

	1d20 # Defending - roll out of 20 with a comment

# Tests

	npm t

Commit message:

Change command identifier to ! to make dingle feel special, added giphy support because why not

README.md, after:

# dingleberry

A discord bot for everyone! Completely open-source means you run it for yourself!

# Prerequisite

ffmpeg (for playing videos)
	
	npm i -g ffmpeg-binaries

[^Node.js 8.1.0](https://nodejs.org/)

[Discord API Access](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/intro)

[imgur API Access](https://apidocs.imgur.com/)

You will need a discord and an imgur api token in order for the bot to work properly, you can add them in the next step

# Installation

create a file 'auth.json' in the root directory and fill in with this code

```javascript
{
	'discord': 'DISCORD_API_TOKEN',
	'imgur': 'IMGUR_CLIENT_ID'
	'giphyKey': 'GIPHY_API_KEY'
}
```

Then authorize your discord bot on your server if you haven't already

Download dependencies:

	npm i

Run the bot!

	npm start

And you're good to go!


# Commands

!meme [subreddit] - Gets a random image from imgur's viral posts, or one of the top images from any subreddit on imgur

!more - Repeats the last "!meme" command

!giphy [search] - Get a giphpy gif (why...)

!playme [url] - Plays a youtube video url in your currently joined voice channel

!stop - Stops playing music in said voice channel

!ping - ping the bot

!roll [F] - roll, where F is the maximum number

!roll [NdF] - roll, where N is the number of rolls and F is the maximum number

!roll examples:

	20 - 1 roll of 20

	5d20 - 5 rolls of 20

	3d6 - 3 rolls of 6

	1d20 # Defending - roll out of 20 with a comment

# Tests

	npm t
